1. Write a Program to design a class having sta5c member func5on named showcount()
which has the property of displaying the number of objects created of the class.
2. Write a Program using class to process Shopping List for a Departmental Store. The
list include details such as the Code No and Price of each item and perform the
opera5ons like Adding, Dele5ng Items to the list and Prin5ng the Total value of Order.
3. Write a Program which creates & uses array of object of a class. for eg. implemen5ng
the list of Managers of a Company having details such as Name, Age, etc...).
4. Write a Program to find Maximum out of Two Numbers using friend func5on.
Note: Here one number is a member of one class and the other number is member
of some other class.
5. Write a Program to swap private data members of classes named as class_1, class_2
using friend func5on.
6. Write a Program to design a class complex to represent complex numbers. The
complex class should use an external func5on (use it as a friend func5on) to add two
complex numbers. The func5on should return an object of type complex
represen5ng the sum of two complex numbers.
7. Write a Program using copy constructor to copy data of an object to another object.
8. Write a Program to allocate memory dynamically for an object of a given class using
class's constructor.
9. Write a Program to design a class to represent a matrix. The class should have the
func5onality to insert and retrieve the elements of the matrix.
10. Write a program to design a class represen5ng complex numbers and having the
func5onality of performing addi5on & mul5plica5on of two complex numbers using
operator.
11. Write a Program to overload operators like *, <<, >> using friend func5on. The
following overloaded operators should work for a class vector.
12. Write a program for developing a matrix class which can handle integer matrices of
different dimensions. Also overload the operator for addi5on, mul5plica5on &
comparison of matrices.
13. Write a program in C to count the number of Lines, words and characters in a file.
14. Write a C++ program to search for a specific string in a text file and display its line
number(s).
15. Write a C++ program to read a CSV file and display its contents in tabular form.