Query1. Write a query to display name, job, hiredate and employee number for each employee with employee number appearing first.
Query2. Write a query to display unique jobs from the employee table.
Query3. Write a query to display name concatenated by a job separated by a comma.
Query4. Write a query to display the name and salary of employees earning more than $2850. 
Quer5. Write a query to display the name and department number for employee number 7900.
Query6. Write a query to display the name and salary of all employees whose salary is not in the range of $1500 and $2850.
Query7. Write a query to display the name and department number of all employees in departments 10 and 30 in alphabetical order by name.
Query8. Write a query to display the name and salary of employees who earned more than $1500 and are in department number 10 or 30.
Query9. Write a query to display the name and hire date of every employee who was hired in 1981.
Query10. Write a query to display the name and job of all employees who do not have a manager.
Query11. Write a query to display the name, salary and commission for all employees who earn commission. Sort the data in descending order of salary.
Query12. Write a query to display the names of all employees where the third letter of their name is A.
Query13. Write a query to display the names of all employees that have two R's or A's in their name and are in department number 30 or their manager is 7788.
Query14. Write a query to display the name, job and salary of all employees whose job is clerk or analyst and their salary are not equal to 1000, 3000 or 5000.
Query15. Write a query to display the name, salary and commission of all employees whose commission amount is greater than their salary increased by 5%.
Query16. Write a query to display a current date.
Query17. Write a query to display employee number, name, salary, salary increased by 15% expressed as a whole number.
Query18. Write a query to display the employee number, name, salary, salary increased by 15% expressed as a whole number and increase in salary.
Query19.Write a query to display the following for each employee:-
<ename> earns <salary> monthly but wants <3 times salary>. Label the column as Dream Salary.
Query20.Write a query to display the employees name with the first letter capitalized and all other letters lower case and length of their name for all employees whose name start with J, A and M.
Query21. Write a query to display the name, department name, department number for all employees.
Query22. Write a query that displays the unique listing of all jobs that are in department 30.
Query23. Write a query to display the employee name, department name and location for all employees who earn a commission.
Query24. Write a query to display the employee name and department name for all employees who have 'A' in their name.
Query25. Write a query to display the name, job, department number and department name for all employees who work at location DALLAS.
Query26. Write a query to display employee name and employee number along with their
manager&#39;s name and manager&#39;s number.
Query27. Write a query to display employee name and employee number along with their
manager&#39;s name and manager&#39;s number along with the employees who do not have a manager.
Query28. Write a query to display employee name, department number and all the employees
that work in the same department as the given employee. Do this for all the employees.
Query29. Write a query to display the name, job, department name, salary and grade for all
employees.
Query30. Write a query to display all names and hire dates of all employees along with their
manager&#39;s name and hire date for all employees who were hired before their managers.
Query31. Write a query to display the highest, lowest, sum and average salary of all employees.
Query32. Write a query to display minimum, maximum, sum and average salary for each job
type.
Query33. Write a query to display the number of people with the same job.
Query34. Write a query to display the difference between the highest and lowest salaries.
Query35. Write a query to display the manager number and the salary of the lowest paid
employee for that manager. Exclude any groups where the manager id is not known. Exclude
any groups where the minimum salary is less than $1000.
Query36. Write a query to display the department name, location name, number of employees
and the average salary for all employees in that department.
Query37. Write a query to display the employee name and hire date for all employees in the
same department as Blake.
Query38. Write a query to display the employee number and employee name for all employees
who earn more than the average salary.
Query39. Write a query to display the employee number and name for all employees who work
in a department with any employee whose name contains a T.
Query40. Write a query to display the employee name and salary of all employees who report
to King.
Query41. Write a query to display the department number, name and job for all employees in
the Sales department.
Query42.Write a query to display the employee number, name and salary for all employees
who earn more than the average salary and who work in a department with any employee with
a T in their name.
